Oh
Oh one
hi guys so today I am show you my
favorite way to get Heelys curls this
sway is my favorite mostly because it is
so easy to do honestly you can either
leave them for a couple hours or
sleeping them overnight I was very
comfortable usually my head's kind of
tender at night I don't like sleeping
and like rollers or anything but I
honestly had no problem with this but
yeah I only used three rods in my hair
so basically you just put your hair in a
ponytail and slapping the rod and it was
super super easy so I'm going to go
ahead and show you guys huh get these
curls and they do last for such a long
time
so yes the you guys want to see how I
get my heatless waves and just keep
watching so as you can see my hair is
extremely pin straight and flat
so I'm just gonna go ahead and brush
through my hair I'm using my favorite
brush ever which is the tangled tamer I
got this from Sally's ever since I
purchased this I haven't used a single
different brush because this one gives
me no split ends and it doesn't pull
your hair now I'm just going to go ahead
and pull my hair up into a tight
ponytail on the top of my head
so I'm going to go ahead and use my
teeny tiny water bottle because I lost
my big good one and spray my hair so is
about 50% damp I'm just taking one my
rods and I'm wrapping my hair around it
as you would with any wand curling iron
and I just fold over each end to ensure
that they won't move around and it will
hold a curl in place get and I'm just
gonna continue along with my other rods
I'm only doing three because I want
larger looser curls and I'm just really
lazy but if you want to have tighter
more defined curls go ahead and add in
more rods if you like
whoo
yes you're a weirdo so I slept overnight
in my rollers and I'm just removing them
now like I said you need to choose to
sleep in them overnight or you can you
lay them in for a couple hours just make
sure that they're completely dry before
you take them out because that will
ensure that the curl will stay in place
and hold its shape all day I'm removing
my hair tie and now I'm just gonna kind
of part my hair to whatever side gives
me the most volume and what you look the
best you really just have to kind of
play around at this point and see which
way you want your hair to fall and I'm
running through my hair with a wide
tooth comb and that's just gonna
separate the curls and give it more of a
natural effect
I like to backcomb through my hair with
the wide toothed comb because that gives
it such a voluminous sexiest look yes
it's big and curly and sexy and I'm just
spraying some hairspray throughout my
hair so it'll hold a little bit better
and I'm scrunching it into my hair and
that's all there is to it so that is how
I go about getting my feet loose waves
thank you guys so much for watching one
thing to remember is the size of the
errata size determines the size of your
curls so if you want smaller curls go
ahead and use a smaller rod if you want
large voluminous curls then use bigger
rods I use about medium size so as you
can see I have some nice loose waves
here so thank you guys once again for
watching and I will see you guys next
time bye